(siren wails)
The worst part is,
is I wanted Dov and Gail to get along.
I mean, I wanted them to spend
time with each other. Man.
Yeah, well, the minute
I decided to tell Sam
about my feelings,
he's gone, like magic,
really mean magic.
(Man) You're not gonna get away with this!
— Clifton, get back here!
— (Andy) Hey!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hey! Hey!
— Stop! Police!
— Hey!
— (bat clatters)
— (Man) Take it easy, officer.
— Take it easy.
— Give me your hands.
— Ohh. (grunts)
— (handcuffs click)
Ohh. (pants)
You gotta be kidding me.
Look who I just caught.
Did this man attack you?
— Kind of.
— Clifton.
l was just trying
to talk some sense into the boy,
stop him from making
a very serious mistake.
Nah, you were sticking your nose
where it doesn't belong.
That's only 'cause
I believe in you, son.
I run a street program,
and Clifton here,
during the holy sacrament
of confession,
told me something he was gonna do
that was very stupid,
— and I had to step in.
— What'd he say?
I can't share that with you.
I'm bound by an oath.
Yeah, well, we're bound by an oath, too.
He's a priest. He can't be lying.
Pfft. Priests lie.
Ever see that wafer they call bread?
Yeah. Come here.
(grunts)
(handcuffs click)
(sniffles and grunts)
(sniffles) You know it's bad
when you can't believe a priest.
(priest chuckles)
Don't believe in me, brother.
Save it for the Man Upstairs.
God sees the big picture.
Like it or not,
he has a plan for all of us.
Yeah, well, if I'm living God's plan,
you can let him know
that his timing's off, way off.
Absolutely.
Hey. What's, uh—— What's going on?
— Yeah.
— Okay. Okay, fine.
Yeah, no. Keep——Keep walking,
but I didn't do anything wrong,
so I'm done feeling guilty
for something I didn't do.
Chris, come on. It's been weeks.
I mean, you have to get over this.
Nothing happened.
That's not the point, okay?
You let him in.
You went around behind my back,
and you let someone
get close to you.
You and Dov were my family...
And you're mine.
And ljust stood there and let it happen.
(sighs)
Do you believe in anything?
Because of what happened with Luke?
Yes, and Sam...
you know, leaving like that.
(sighs) Well, having faith means
believing in things
that don't always make sense.
Tooth fairy doesn't make sense.
I am the tooth fairy.
Last week, Leo lost a tooth.
Cost me 20 bucks.
20 bucks?
Tooth fairy didn't have any change.
I might not need three, but it'd be good
to have a, you know——
a few fresh faces ready,
people who work the area.
They're totally talking about us.
|——| think | impressed him
with the workbook stuff, so...
Would this have anything to do
with the case Swarek is working?
ls Swarek working on a case? I...
Guy disappeared on me
in the middle of the night,
— nothing but a voice mail.
— (whistles)
Now, that's just——that's just rude.
Pick Peck. Pick Peck.
Well, I'm not choosing Peck.
I mean, she'd stick out in any crowd.
So I guess I'm gonna go with——
eesh——McNally, Nash——
I don't know. Epstein?
Epstein? I think Diaz
might be a better bet.
Ohh.
— Yeah, I'm gonna stick with Epstein.
— Epstein. Yeah.
Okay. Last but not least,
I want to let you know that, uh,
some of the rookies will be
sitting out of rotation today.
Detective Donovan Boyd
is sending three of them out
on the infamous scavenger hunt,
so wish 'em luck.
McNally, Nash, Epstein.
Stay behind with Boyd. He'll brief you.
Peck, Diaz, you two are riding together.
Everybody, let's go. Come on.
(overlapping conversations, indistinct)
You'll be dropped off in nowheresville.
Plainclothes.
No money. No wallet.
No phones. No guns.
Goal is simple: Pick a character,
and whatever you do, commit to it.
Uh, h—how do we know
who we should be?
Be yourself,
or be the opposite of yourself.
I don't care. Use what you know.
Know what you don't know.
— That clear it up for you?
— No.
Be back here 6 AM. in uniform
with as much accumulated money
and drugs as possible.
— (chuckles) Wh...
— I will judge the drugs
by street value, not by volume.
Okay. Wait, wait. No, no, no.
How do we do that?
— How do we figure out——
— Come on, rookies.
You are sophomores now.
You know how to spot a dealer.
You know where they sell it.
Now it is your job to go
and learn how to buy it, so go.
And, hey, you know,
look, be safe out there.
It's not a competition.
All right.
$20 says McNally takes it.
20? Uh, let's make it 60,
because Nash is taking it.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
Noelle's right.
McNally's got this thing
locked (high—pitched voice) up.
Yeah? You want to put your money
where your mouth is, Homicide?
Uh...yeah, no.
Oh, ye of little faith.
Hey, what's the line on Epstein?
— Epstein?
— You betting on us?
Uh, no, not on you. No.
Nobody thinks you stand a chance.
— Thanks a lot.
— (chuckles)
Uh, no problem.
Don't mention it.
This sucks.
I should be undercover, 'cause I blend,
and you——you're a born natch.
You have to admit it's totally ridic.
Would you stop cutting
your words off halfway, okay?
It's new. I don't——
I don't like it.
Although there is something
really brill about this sitch.
Stop it.
We get to spend
the whole shift together,
and we're meant to talk, Chris.
Don't make me get all mushy.
We were good together.
Not really.
I mean, think about it.
We weren't normal.
Yeah, but what is even normal?
In a normal couple,
you have a mama bear
and a papa bear.
You're more like Goldilocks.
Yeah, she's the only human in the story,
so I'm gonna take this as a good sign.
Yeah, worming your way in
where you aren't invited,
trying out different beds
to see which one fits.
Chris, I didn't try out different beds.
Yeah, well,
in the metaphor, you did.
(dispatcher on radio)
We've got reports of a disturbance
in Mount Pleasant Cemetery.
Caller said she heard yelling
and saw three male suspects
chasing a fourth through the cemetery.
Mark 1505 responding.
(siren wails)
Aw. Look how sweet.
This must be where mama bear
and papa bear are buried.
Look.
(Chris) Holy...
(Gail) Hey, are you okay?
Great. Never been better.
Okay. Come on. Come on.
Just put your hands down.
What about your coat?
You're freezing.
Here. Take mine.
What happened to you, man?
Who did this to you?
No idea.
(Boyd) Your wallets, phones.
Rap/do. Rap/do.
One——One, two, three.
One, two, three. Great.
Nothing but the clothes on your back.
Nice.
Now before you go forth,
young soldiers,
hold out your hands.
Have a present for you.
One, two, three.
Bus token. Just in case.
Just in case what?
In case you need a bus token.
Come on, people.
Don't let me down here.
You cannot let them
see you scared out there.
If you're nervous, get closer,
and they won't see you shake, okay?
Have a little faith in yourselves, guys.
(sighs)
(tires skid)
Ha.
It's a start.
How much you get for these again?
10 cents.
10 cents? That's it?
Yeah, but if you get 100, that's 10 bucks.
— See ya, guys.
— Where you going?
Hey, buddy dropped us
in the middle of nowhere
with nothing but a bus token.
Doesn't take a brain surgeon
to realize we're supposed
to take the bus downtown.
Maybe it's for emergencies.
He said use what we know, so...
I'm using what I know.
— Okay.
— All right.
Hey. Hey, wait, wait,
wait, wait. Stop. Hi.
Uh, Trace, follow my lead.
Hi. Hi. Sorry.
Um, my name's Candice.
I'm in town for a conference——
(chuckles) A silly conference,
really, on ovenNriting——
insurance ovenNriting,
new avenues.
Anyway, um, we were actually
on a shuttle to the airport,
and, well, she had to pee,
so we got off at the last hotel stop,
and l stupidly followed her,
and then when we came back out,
the shuttle was gone.
— That's terrible.
— I know. I know.
All of our bags, purses,
everything is gone.
I mean, it's a nightmare.
I am living a nightmare right now.
Is there any way
we could get a ride?
Sorry. I'm already late.
Okay, but maybe just as far
as you're going, you know.
— We could squeeze in.
— Look...
just grab a cab.
Whoa. Thank you so much.
That's really generous.
— Okay. Take care.
— Good luck.
20 bucks.
That's, like, 200 of your bottles.
Yeah, and you're also Candice
the insurance ovenNriter.
OvenNriter. OvenNriter.
UndenNriter?
lt's insurance undenNriter, isn't it?
Pick your character and commit.
Is there another number
we can reach your mother at?
(sighs) She's probably
at her boyfriend's.
Okay, so what's his number?
He doesn't have a phone.
Can I wash my face now?
(sighs) All right. Well, we left
a message at your mom's house.
— Does she check messages?
— Nope.
Well, how are we supposed
to get ahold of her then?
If you find out, let me know.
All right.
Well, in the meantime...
(papers rustling)
Can you tell me exactly what happened?
Look, I told you.
They were robbers, bandits.
Whatever. I just——| want to get my coat,
and I want to go home.
It's okay. You know what, pal?
(coughs)
You don't have to say a thing.
(beeps, shutter clicks)
So you're a "liar."
— Did you get that?
— Yep.
Hey. Now what else we got here?
"Dip stick." That's original.
Turn to the left.
You know a girl named Sarah?
Sarah wasn't there.
Actually you're probably right.
"Touch Sarah and die."
That's probably Sarah's brother
or Sarah's boyfriend, maybe?
Can I, uh, talk to you guys?
(Oliver) Yeah.
So I found him
on a social networking site.
Someone just posted
a hate page about him.
The administrators are two teenagers
from his high school,
Cooper Wells and Sarah Jones.
Okay. Good work.
(clicks tongue)
Haul 'em in here.
(The Arka Teks) J‘ I walk with a swagger
and a bad attitude J‘
J‘ I'm looking like a rock star
from my head to my shoes J‘
J‘ This place is 'bout to lose it J‘
J‘ Don't know what to do,
'cause |——l——l——l J‘
J‘ I know you know I got it J‘
J‘ |--|--|--| J‘
I |--|--|--| I
J‘ I know you know I got it J‘
J‘ I know you know,
your friends are calling J‘
— J‘ on the phone J‘
— (man) Oh, my lord.
— J‘ But you don't want to go J‘
— You good, man?
— Yeah.
— J‘ I know you know I got it J‘
J‘ Next thing that they'll see J‘
J‘ You'll be leaving here
with me J‘
(cell phone beeping)
J‘ l——l——l——l J‘
J‘ I know you know I got it J‘
Hi. I'd like to report a fight
that just broke out at Prohibition.
It's a bar, Queen and Broadview.
It's getting very serious.
You want to send some people down.
Thank you.
J‘ Nobody else that can do it better J‘
J‘ I know, I know I got it J‘
(truck horn blares)
(Andy) I guess we should both be
in insurance.
Pfft. Insurance girls
from snoresville? Uh—uh.
What? It's an inconspicuous
character.
Candice...Sloaney.
— (laughs)
— Young and eager,
really wants to climb that
competitive insurance ladder.
You can be Doreen.
I'm gonna pick my own name,
thank you very much.
Okay, then what's it gonna be?
I mean, you've gotta use
what you've got.
We got nothing!
Th——We have stuff, okay?
We've got our brains,
and we have skills,
so what are you good at?
I don't know.
— Pool.
— Okay.
If there was a pool hall around here,
I could shoot some pool,
make us some bucks.
Wait.
We're by the airport, right?
— Alpine lnn.
— What's that?
It's a motel that I heard
the T.O.s talking about.
Bet you they have a pool table.
Lead the way...
Candice.
Jeremy.
You still hanging around here?
Who are you?
Dov Epstein, Adam's brother.
Kibbles?
Well, they don't call me that
anymore, but...
— okay.
— (laughs) Jeez.
You got big. I haven't seen you
since you were a kid.
I don't hang around here much.
Huh.
So how are you?
How's everything?
You, uh——You married? You...
— (chuckles) You...
— (chuckles) Uh...
No, thank you.
— Well, grab a seat.
— No, no. It's okay.
I gotta run. ljust——
I wanted to say hi, and——
Hey...
are you still...you know?
Come on, man.
My brother and l were tight.
I know you hooked him up.
(chuckles)
All right. Well,
| just wanted to warn you.
The cops were in here
a couple minutes ago.
Where?
You didn't see the guy?
Plainclothes.
Look, it's okay.
All right? It's cool.
I got nothing to worry about.
(police radio chatter)
Right.
Thanks, man.
Appreciate the heads—up.
Jeremy, listen...
I'm not gonna lie.
I came here looking for you.
Truth is, I got nothing——
no phone, no money, not a dime.
— I need to score.
— You need to score?
l was hoping you could front me.
Uaughs)
No. No way. Not a chance.
— Really?
— Mm—hmm.
Okay.
Come on, Kibbles.
Hey.
You going somewhere?
You need a lift?
I'm just running a few errands.
You want to tag along,
that's fine by me.
(chuckles)
(woman) J‘ Bump, bump,
bump that sucker J‘
(man, lowered voice)
Todd, what happens on the road,
— stays on the road. Come on.
— 5 bucks a rack?
5 bucks?
Why don't we make it 20?
20 bucks. I mean,
I've only played pool once in my life.
(lowered voice) You're not
supposed to tell them that.
Yep.
(normal voice)
20 is fine. Let's do 20.
Great. So you here
with the conference?
Yep. Yeah. Well, a different one
than you, obviously.
— I'm in insurance.
— Oh.
Yeah, we're actually leaving
on a flight tomorrow morning
at 6 AM. back to Wisconsin.
Right, Doreen?
Doreen?
Well, Candice is here
for the insurance conference.
| just tagged along. (chuckles)
We're childhood friends,
and I think herjob's
a little boring, actually.
— (chuckles)
— Oh, really?
Yeah, 'cause yours is just so exciting.
What is it you do?
l'm...a...stripper.
Wow. Really?
(chuckles)
I've never met a stripper before...
— (laughs)
— Except in strip clubs.
Well, it'sjust a job,
like any other.
J‘ It's such a tiny line
between love and J‘
J‘ Boy, baby boy... J‘
Insurance is really kinda fascinating.
Almost as fun
as Tag—Team Tuesdays.
J‘ ...enjoy this goodbye kiss J‘
J‘ Just walk in that door,
and you kissing the floor J‘
— Whoo!
— J‘ And you won't J‘
J‘ Laugh no more, yeah J‘
— J‘ Bump that sucker J‘
— Hey!
(Andy and Traci laugh)
Ha ha.
— Uh, kiss me.
— What?
Just kiss me. Come on. Look.
J‘ Bump that sucker,
make yourself a queen J‘
(both laugh)
(door buzzes)
Oh, great.
Why are they here?
We just had to ask 'em
a few questions.
Oh, God. Just shoot me.
He's gotta be a bad seed.
He is. He's annoying.
He, like, stares at me all the time.
He's aggravating.
Ooh, I bet. How awful.
And that's reason enough to tie him up
and leave him to freeze to death?
The guy's psycho.
Don't believe a word he says.
No, he hasn't said anything...yet.
Yep. (sighs)
(door release buzzes, beeps)
I take it you know these kids.
A bit.
And they're responsible for the, uh...
Just please——
Just let them go home.
Wow. You're being really nice.
(Oliver) They must be your friends.
Yes. They're my friends.
All right. Well, in that case,
come with me.
Come on.
Oh, poor kid.
| always feel bad for the nerds.
Nice. Cold and condescending.
Why am I not surprised?
(door opens)
Officer Diaz.
Sarah and Cooper's mom and dad
agreed to this little sit—down
so we could figure out
who tied up our boy here.
Sarah saw him staring
into her bedroom window.
(Sarah) I was so creeped out.
Then he stole a bracelet off
of our teacher's desk
and put it in my locker.
I almost got expelled.
I wasn't trying to get you in trouble.
| just wanted to give you something.
So this was payback?
(sighs) Look, I told you,
it wasn't them.
l have no idea who it was.
I think we have enough
for a little buy.
I don't want to do little.
I want to do big.
Let's keep going.
Table open?
Yeah. 20 bucks a rack.
Come on. You can do better than that.
Depends. Who's your partner?
Him. Hey, J.D.,
you ready to play?
(woman) J‘ I don't care
if you don't care J‘
So what brings you two here?
We're just here
for a couple of nights.
We're actually leaving tomorrow
on a 6 AM. flight.
— That's too bad.
— It's okay.
What sucks is that
I lost all my luggage.
Now I got nothing left
except for a bus token.
Been there. You'll make it.
(sighs)
Jamie. Jamie Brennan.
That's, uh, J.D.
He started working for me
a couple weeks ago.
Okay. I'm Candice,
and, uh, this is Doreen.
Hi.
Okay, Candice.
Only the eight ball left.
Don't choke.
Okay.
(Jamie chuckles)
Sorry.
All yours. Take it away.
No mercy.
— Boom.
— Pay up, ladies.
No, no, no. Not yet.
Let's go double or nothing.
Uh, you know what? No.
I gotta get up early tomorrow,
so I'm out.
That's good,
because, sweetheart,
I hate to tell ya, but you're
dragging your partner down here.
Doreen, you want to go straight up?
Double or nothing.
Um...
Good.
(balls clatter)
Nice car.
Yeah, she's sweet.
Must be doing all right for yourself.
Not bad.
What about you?
— You didn't become a lawyer?
— Nope.
Adam was sure you were gonna
become a lawyer. (laughs)
Ah, Adam. Man.
Oh, that guy.
He knew how to party.
I don't get it.
He always...
seemed so happy.
I don't get why he...
he killed himself.
(siren wailing)
Neither do we.
I'll wait here?
No. Come with me.
(alarm chirps, locks click)
Wait here.
I'll be a few minutes.
— (chuckles) Why?
— Because I said so.
lt's freezing. You're gonna
make me wait outside?
Yep.
(door handles rattle)
Rubbing alcohol should
get that off your face.
Great.
Maybe mom's vodka will work.
You know what?
You think you're the only one
with a messed—up mother?
I mean, you're just gonna have to learn
to look after yourself.
I can look after myself.
No one else
is gonna wash my face.
That's not what I mean, okay?
I'm saying, come on, grow a pair.
Fight back for once in your life,
'cause if you let them
walk away from this,
they're gonna keep doing it
over and over and over again.
Just give me my coat.
(sighs)
What brings you to town?
— Conference.
— Mm—hmm.
A conference? What kind?
Insurance.
Insurance? Oh. How's that been?
Great. Terrific.
Mm—hmm.
A little lonely.
What about you?
Oh, new job, fresh start.
Actually I've been wondering
why I got into this business
in the first place.
What business is that?
Oh, nothing as interesting
as insurance, that's for sure.
(chuckles) Nothing is.
So, um...
we were just hoping to...
figure out a little somethin',
get us through the night.
It's gonna be a long one,
so, you know,
might as well enjoy it.
You might want to talk
to Donnie in room four.
He's a crazy son of a bitch,
but you can tell him I sent you.
Okay. We gotta go.
Yeah. You gotta find a place
to put your head down
for the rest of the night.
Not here.
Look at that. Whoo!
She smoked me.
Okay, come on. One more.
No. We gotta get outta here.
Uh, it was nice to meet you.
— You, too.
— J.D., nice to meet you.
Maybe we'll see you
around sometime.
Yeah, you never know.
Uh, see ya.
Bye.
We are seriously badass.
Uaughs)
You are a serious liar.
You heard about this place
— through Swarek, didn't you?
— No.
Do you know how lucky we are
we got away with that?
It's not luck. We used what we knew,
and we committed.
Who is this guy?
(sighs) I don't know. Room four.
Said his name was Donnie.
Hi. Are you Donnie?
Who are you?
l'm Candice,
and this is Doreen.
So why ya knockin' on my door?
Uh, well, we were talking to
Jamie Brennan down in the bar,
and he said you would help us.
Oh, Brennan sent ya.
All right. Come in.
Come in.
Hope you came to party.
You know the band Anvil?
Yeah, a little.
Sit. I got a bootleg copy
of their never—released album.
Rocks me hard.
Uh, yeah, we actually
don't have a lot of time.
Well, listen up, Minnie Mouse.
You came knocking on my door
while I was watching "Fresh Prince,"
in the middle of my dessert.
You didn't care about my plans.
Why should I care about yours?
Sit down.
(Andy) Okay.
(man shouting, baby crying
in distance)
(Donnie scoffs) So...
(Anvil's "Metal on Metal" playing)
you guys are what?
Uh, secretaries? Waitresses?
Uh, I'm in insurance.
Oh, classy.
You both work insurance?
No, I'm a dancer.
A real dancer?
Like a "take off your clothes
and wave it in my face"
kind of dancer?
(chuckles)
Yeah, that kind of dancer.
A stripper and an insurance bitch
looking to get high——
quel/e surprise.
Do you mind
if I use your bathroom?
Oh, Stacy or whatever her name,
some party girl from the bar,
she's still in there.
Why don't you show me
what you got?
What do you mean?
I don't mean your ta—tas, honey.
Don't worry.
Show me the cash.
J‘ Metal on metal,
shakin' the place... J‘
Why don't I play you
one of their live albums?
Look, are you sure she's okay?
Yeah. She probably just nodded off.
Oh, okay.
Then can I go in there anyway?
I don't mind if you don't.
Hasn't been serviced in a while.
(chuckles)
(both chuckle)
I met the guys from Anvil.
l was buddies with their drummer.
Partied on their bus, man,
one night after they opened
for Motdrhead.
They opened for Motdrhead.
Did you know that?
— No.
— Yeah.
We got to get her help now.
Her pulse is weak.
She's barely breathing.
What did she take?
(sighs) Let me see.
She wanted a speedball.
What did you do?
Ohh, stupid bitch.
She did the whole thing.
Okay, well, we need
to call an ambulance.
We gotta get her out of here.
No, no, no, you sit down.
Sit down!
(clatter,
telephone bell dings)
Nobody's calling anybody.
(car alarm chirps)
That was more than
a couple of minutes.
Just let us call an ambulance.
No, you're not calling an ambulance.
They'll call the cops.
Obviously I don't like cops.
Okay, so you're just
gonna let her die?
It's not my fault she's too stupid
to know her limit.
It's a lot easier
to get rid of a dead body
than deal with the cops.
— Can I check on her?
— Yeah.
Come on. Let us just
get her out of here, okay?
We'll leave you out of it.
Trust me.
We are not interested
in bringing in the cops.
(Donnie) Aw, man.
I can't believe this.
So you don't know this girl?
I never met her before in my life.
I met her down in the bar earlier.
Well, you may not know her,
but I do,
— and you gotta let us take her.
— What a load.
Donnie, l dance with that girl.
I know her.
Her boyfriend's a biker,
big guy named Max,
not one of the nice ones,
and if he finds out that she was here,
if he finds out that
she died on your watch...
Oh, man. Get her outta here.
She's your problem now. Go!
Okay.
Prop her head. Prop her head.
Just hold her head, okay?
Chair.
Let's turn it around.
Yeah. Okay. One, two——
(grunts)
— Okay, got her.
— Got her?
Yeah. Okay, just——(grunts)
Make sure you get the ambulance
to come to the front.
Hey. Friend just had
a little too much to drink.
(rock music playing)
I've always felt bad.
You know that.
Adam and l were...
what, 13, first time
I stole pills from my mom.
Minute he took 'em, I...
(man) J‘ Stop spinnin' the wheel... J‘
I don't know.
He couldn't get enough.
Adam had problems.
Drugs were his way of trying to fix 'em.
It didn't work.
You gonna be long?
Shouldn't be.
Why don't you just...
stay in the car, all right?
You sure?
We're good.
(door buzzer)
(door release buzzes)
(door closes)
Yeah. Hey, thanks.
Hey, what's up?
Are you Chris Diaz, the rock star?
What do you mean?
Yeah.
The cool cop who gives
slick advice to bullied kids.
— Yeah. Fight back, eye for an eye.
— What are you talking about?
| just picked up your friend
Finton Tucker,
the boy from the, uh——
from the graveyard.
He tracked down his bully
and smashed a brick into his face.
— What?
— A brick.
That Cooper kid,
he's in the hospital with serious injuries.
That's some great advice, man.
| just wanted Finton to press charges.
That's all I meant.
You laid it on thick for that kid
because it made you feel like a man
who could stand up for himself,
when really,
you're just as scared as he is.
It's a rookie move, man.
What'll happen to Finton?
You start a criminal record
for a kid like that,
you might as well say goodbye.
Gotta make this right, buddy.
(Traci) We did good.
She's gonna be okay.
Yeah, I hope so.
You coming?
I'll meet you back at the station.
McNally...
Go directly to jail.
Do not pass go.
Do not linger.
Don't do anything stupid.
J.D., off—limits?
I know.
— Do you hear me?
— Yes.
(Sam clears throat)
Most employers run when they hear
about my previous experience.
Which part?
Folding laundry at Kingston Pen.
Do time there,
you can work anywhere.
I know.
Uh, who was your guy there?
Which guy?
Who you folded laundry for.
Wasn't a guy. It was a big brick house
named Maureen——
only female hack in the joint.
When I was in there,
there was two of 'em.
You kidding me?
You were in there?
Uaughs)
Alice.
300 pounds,
face like a bag of hammers.
Uaughs)
That was a long time ago.
(clears throat)
So yeah. Job okay?
It's good. It's a paycheck.
(clears throat)
Wouldn't mind, uh, figuring a way
to earn a bit more cash
if any extra work comes up.
I mean, I can throw you
some overtime,
if that's what you mean.
Well, look who's back.
Hey.
Um, I'm gonna be on a plane
in a couple hours,
back to Appleton, and I'll be gone,
out of your life,
SO...
if you're not doing anything
in the next couple hours, maybe...
l'm——l'm with my boss now.
Right.
And I wouldn't want you
to miss your flight.
Okay.
Then I'm gone.
(scoffs)
(Jamie chuckles, clears throat)
We have business, you and me.
Yes, we do.
We can catch up
on that business tomorrow
or the next day
or day after that...
but a woman like that
doesn't knock on your door every day.
Let's go.
(switch clicks)
So what, you can just
turn the cameras off?
They don't care?
I gotta have some kind of life, right?
lguess.
I'm gonna call you a cab,
it's gonna take you back to the station,
and you're gonna get into your uniform.
No.
(Andy Brown) J‘ And | just want
my heart to fall apart J‘
J‘ Probably should have
told you all along J‘
J‘ My angel J‘
J‘ And I just... J‘
If you don't leave now,
there's no going back.
I don't want to go back.
J‘ And | just want your love
to fade away J‘
J‘ To ashes J‘
J‘ Beautiful J‘
J‘ I should have told you
from the first time J‘
J‘ I saw your eyes J‘
J‘ Beautiful J‘
J‘ I should have told you all along J‘
J‘ And | just want my heart to fall apart J‘
J‘ To ashes J‘
J‘ And | just want this love
to waste away J‘
J‘ To ashes J‘
J‘ And | just want my heart
to tear apart J‘
J‘ To ashes J‘
(Frank) Now this is when | start
to get nervous. (clears throat)
They'll make it back.
They might be empty—handed,
but they always make it back.
Yeah, must be what it's like
to wait for your kids
to come home by curfew.
Yeah. Well, might be the closest
we ever get to knowing that.
Nah, I don't think
it's the closest we'll get.
(Andy) Think the universe has a plan?
Forus?
Oh, yeah.
It was undoubtedly fate
that brought you
into that bar tonight.
— (laughs)
— Mm—hmm.
Okay, I might remember
you saying something about it,
but I didn't know
you were gonna be there.
— Oh, yeah.
— I didn't.
I never thought I'd see
anybody I knew at the Alpine lnn...
— (groans) Oh, my God.
— least of all, you.
My one chance to be
whoever I want to be,
and I choose Candice
who works in insurance.
(sighs) God.
All right, don't tell anybody this,
but I was Ernie, the Zamboni driver.
(Andy laughs)
(Sam laughs)
Mm.
I gotta go.
We're being incredibly stupid.
Yes, we are.
I can never come back here...
ever.
(whispers) No.
And you have to go.
(whispers) Yeah.
I do.
(feet slide)
(clatter)
(Boyd clears throat)
One point for arriving alive.
Another point for arriving
on time, in uniform...
kinda.
Show me what you got.
(Velcro rips)
Well, I got...
20 bucks...
and a penny.
(clears throat)
I got some, uh, coke.
What about you?
(Traci) What?
— (Boyd) Uh, okay.
— (Oliver) Yeah.
Epstein appears to be the winner,
by a large margin.
Not that it was a competition.
Yep.
Pay up, losers.
You bet on me?
Yeah, you're, uh——
You're a simple kid, Epstein.
A little doubting Thomas in your ear,
and you're gold. Thank you.
(pats back)
How'd you do it?
I made friends with someone,
got him to trust me, and then,
when he wasn't paying attention,
l stabbed him in the back.
Turns out I'm pretty good at it.
Chris.
Can I, uh——
Can I go home with you now?
No.
Come on.
This is not like you.
You——You forgive.
You——You understand.
You give second and third chances.
You love puppies and ice cream,
and you have faith in people.
Yeah. (sighs)
| just don't have faith in us.
Your hair's sticking up,
has been all night.
I don't really care, Diaz.
Welcome to the doghouse.
We are not in the doghouse.
We're out in the cold,
and it's over.
— Hey.
— Well, look at you.
(Chris) Heh.
If you want a coffee
and a muffin, though,
you got to get to the back
of the line, officer.
No, thanks.
Well, I hope you're
not here to arrest me,
'cause I'm a little busy right now.
No,no,no.
No, uh, it's this kid.
Uh...
I know this kid who might be
in a bit of trouble.
I want to find some way
to help keep him
on the straight and narrow, and...
l was kind of hoping, if maybe he did
some volunteer work for your project,
the prosecutor might be more lenient.
Well, you know, I can always
use a helping hand.
Good. Great. Thank you.
You know, it takes a brave man
to hang on to hope
in this day and age.
Uh, you mind if I stick around
for a bit? Help out?
I'd like that.
You can start right here.
All right. Cool. Hey, guys.
(Traci) You're quiet.
(Andy) I'm just tired, that's all.
Right.
You know, big night,
lot to process.
Sure, yeah.
Running into Swarek like that...
must have reinstated your belief
that something's meant
to happen with you guys.
Ah, I didn't really think about it.
— Okay, stop lying.
— What?
I can't believe you went back there.
(sighs) I didn't——
Who said I went back there?
That is the dumbest thing
you have ever done.
What is wrong with you?
— What? I couldn't help it.
— (groans)
Andy, you have to promise me
you're never going back there.
It's way too dangerous.
You have no idea
what kind of case
he's in the middle of.
I know. I know.
One—time thing, Trace.
Was it good?
(moans) Heavenly.
Uaughs)